Let’s Make Things Happen
"The value of an idea lies in the using of it."--Thomas Edison, co-founder of General Electric
"What do you need to start a business? Three simple things: know your product better than anyone, know your customer, and have a burning desire to succeed."--Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once." --Drew Houston, co-founder and CEO of Dropbox
"Nothing works better than just improving your product."-- Joel Spolsky, co-founder of Stack Overflow
"Any time is a good time to start a company."--Ron Conway, investor, SV angel
"The only thing worse than starting something and failing... is not starting something."--Seth Godin, founder of Squidoo, author, blogger
“The way to get started is to quit talking and start doing.”  - Walt Disney, Co-Founder, Disney
“Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes playing a poor hand well.”  –Jack London, Author
“Every time we launch a feature, people yell at us.” - Angelo Sotira, deviantART co-founder
Be undeniably good. No marketing effort or social media buzzword can be a substitute for that.” - Anthony Volodkin, Hype Machine founder 
“If you can’t feed a team with two pizzas, it’s too large.” - Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO
“Don’t worry about people stealing your design work. Worry about the day they stop.” - Jeffrey Zeldman, A List Apart Publisher
“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.” - Steve Jobs, Apple Inc. co-founder, chairman and CEO
“There’s nothing wrong with staying small. You can do big things with a small team.” - Jason Fried, 37signals founder
“Get five or six of your smartest friends in a room and ask them to rate your idea.” - Mark Pincus, Zynga CEO
“If there’s something you want to build, but the tech isn’t there yet, just find the closest possible way to make it happen.” - Dennis Crowley, Foursquare co-founder
“Fail often so you can succeed sooner.” - Tom Kelley, Ideo partner
“It’s not that we need new ideas, but we need to stop having old ideas.” - Edwin Land, Polaroid co-founder
“Don’t try to be original, just try to be good.” - Paul Rand, graphic designer
“It’s hard to do a really good job on anything you don’t think about in the shower.” - Paul Graham, YCombinator co-founder
“The best startups generally come from somebody needing to scratch an itch.” - Michael Arrington, TechCrunch founder and co-editor
“I don’t think an economic slump will hurt good ideas.” - Rob Kalin, Etsy founder
“I doubt I’ll ever go back to corporate work. Once you see the light, there is no turning back.” - Magnus Jepson, WooThemes co-founder
“When I’m old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say ‘wow, that was an adventure,’ not ‘wow, I sure felt safe.’ - Tom Preston-Werner, Github co-founder
“Turn a perceived risk into an asset. - Aaron Patzer, Mint founder
“Anything that is measured and watched, improves.” - Bob Parsons, GoDaddy founder
“Fortunes are built during the down market and collected in the up market.” - Jason Calacanis, LAUNCH Ticker founder
“If you’re going to put your product in beta - put your business model in beta with it.” - Joe Kraus, Google Ventures partner
“See things in the present, even if they are in the future.” - Larry Ellison, Oracle co-founder
“If you are not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you’ve launched too late.” - Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn co-founder
"Lean on the experience and smarts of your teammates, investors, and mentors to help solve the tough problems and take advantage of the opportunities."-- Seth Bannon, founder and CEO of Amicus
"You just have to pay attention to what people need and what has not been done."--Russell Simmons, founder of Def Jam
